This is a re-write of pychecker using traditional parse tree
techniques, rather than the bytecode.

There are some other design changes, related to Warning objects and
Option handling.  In general, pychecker2 tries to distribute checks to
separate classes.  These classes are more self-contained: they hold
onto the option variables and define the Warning objects they support.

Items still missing:
        Can't suppress vars defined at module level without
        suppressing unused module imports

        Error suppression (errors may be suppressed globally)

        Line numbers for where identifiers are defined.

        Typing of any kind:
             consistent return types
             consistent return styles (implicit and explicit)
             object members
             object methods

        New python features:
             slots
             properties
             integer division

        Complexity

        Doc strings

Important stuff:

If you want to add new checks, there are some parts to be aware of:

        File
                A stupid data structure to hold everything we know about 
                a file to be checked.

                Members:
                   name
                        The file name.

                   parseTree
                        The root of the Abstract Syntax Tree returned from
                        compiler.parseFile.  Will be None if the file
                        won't even parse.

                   scopes
                        A dictionary of { node, scope } computed with
                        from compiler.symbols. For convenience, scopes
                        also refer back to the node and to the
                        enclosing parent scope (node and parent,
                        respectively).

                    root_scope
                        Convience for scopes[parseTree]

        Check
                Basic step for checking a file.  Usually contributes
                Warnings or additional information to File.  New checks
                will subclass this, and be added to the chain of checks
                given in main().

        Warning
                A description of a warning emitted by pychecker.


        Command line options are pulled from each check.
        A Warning is also turned into a boolean-style command line option.

